A diverse range of individuals have made significant contributions in various fields, primarily focusing on politics, architecture, and journalism. Parvati, a Hindu goddess, is revered for her embodiment of power, energy, and harmony. Calvin Coolidge, the 30th President of the United States, was a Republican lawyer from Massachusetts who also served as Vice President and Governor of Massachusetts. Gilmore Clarke, a landscape architect, designed many public spaces in New York City. Fumihiko Maki, a Japanese architect, was awarded the Pritzker Prize for his innovative use of materials and fusion of Eastern and Western cultures. Gilles Carbonnier, an academic and humanitarian, specializes in development economics and humanitarian policies. Oscar Niemeyer, a Brazilian architect, is renowned for his design of Brasília's civic buildings and the United Nations headquarters in New York. Minoru Yamasaki, a Japanese-American architect, is best known for the original World Trade Center in New York City. Frank Lloyd Wright, an iconic American architect, designed over 1,000 structures and mentored hundreds of apprentices. César Pelli, an Argentine architect, created some of the world's tallest buildings, including the Petronas Towers and the Salesforce Tower. Emery Roth, a Hungarian-American architect, designed many New York City hotels and apartment buildings. William III, also known as William of Orange, was the first Norman King of England and the sovereign Prince of Orange. William Jefferson Clinton, the 42nd President of the United States, was a New Democrat who served as Governor of Arkansas and Attorney General of Arkansas. Mirjana Spoljaric Egger, a Swiss-Croatian diplomat, is the current President of the International Committee of the Red Cross. Robert Watson Ferguson, the current Governor of Washington, is a Democrat who previously served as the state's Attorney General and a member of the King County Council. Edwin Corning, a New York politician, served as the state's Lieutenant Governor. George Jones, an American journalist, co-founded The New York Times. Joseph F. Kahn, an American journalist, is the current executive editor of The New York Times. Paul Julius Reuter, a German-born British entrepreneur, founded the Reuters news agency. Seattle, a Native American leader, was a key figure in the early history of Seattle, Washington. Harold Godwinson, the last Anglo-Saxon King of England, was defeated by William the Conqueror at the Battle of Hastings. Alan Ruf