A review of foreign and Russian sources is given mentioning the pioneering wind tunnels built in Russia at the turn of 19th and 20th centuries. The first wind tunnel in Russia was constructed by V.A. Pashkevich at the Mikhailovsky Artillery Academy in St. Petersburg in 1871.In total from 1871 through 1915, 18 wind tunnels were constructed in Russia: 11 in Moscow, 5 in St. Petersburg and 2 in Kaluga. An overview of the pioneering Russian wind tunnels built by V.A. Pashkevich, K.E. Tsiolkovsky, prof. N.E. Zhukovsky, D.P. Ryabushinsky and prof. K.P. Boklevsky is given.This paper presents the results of a numerical investigation of the wind tunnel model relative size effect on experimentally obtained aerodynamic characteristics.The investigations were performed on computer-aided design geometry modeling the test section, plenum chamber, diffuser, supporting devices, and test object for the T-106 TsAGI transonic wind tunnel equipped with a closed-jet circular test section with perforated walls. A comparison is made between the calculation results for the model with conditionally infinite flow inside the test section and the experimental data.The calculations show that an increase in the relative size of the model leads to a decrease in the experimentally obtained lift-curve slope value, which is equal to one.With results of testing various models for several last years, the article will describe the capabilities of the IT-302M hotshot wind tunnel in terms of modeling of high-velocity flows in the Mach number range from 4 to 20 for external flow regimes and from 2 to 6 for the attached pipeline regime with the following flow parameters: total pressure from 5 to 1000 bar and total temperature from 700 to 3500 K. Some of these pioneering activities are unique: for instance, a positive thrust force was obtained in a scramjet model for the first time; a series of tests was performed for comparisons of the results of inlet flows obtained in hotshot and blow down wind tunnels, including shock starting of the inlet and a possibility of its modeling by using a special device in the long-duration wind tunnel.