A wide range of topics are covered, primarily focusing on the ongoing conflict in the Middle East. Various incidents and developments are highlighted, including the conviction of actor Jonathan Majors for assaulting and harassing his ex-partner, a 50-year-old man injured in a violent incident near Hadera, Israel, and the U.S. response to an attack on a base in Jordan. The Israeli women's 4x200m relay team qualified for the 2024 Paris Olympics, while the Palestinian Health Ministry in Gaza reported 142 deaths in the last 24 hours. Iran released additional footage of Razzi Mousavi, who was assassinated in Syria. Russian President Vladimir Putin is set to visit Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates, and Iranian President Raisi visited Moscow. Other incidents include false alarm sirens in the Western Galilee, Israel, reports of approximately 45 deaths in overnight Israeli strikes on residential buildings in Gaza, and Israel's interception of six drones launched by the Houthis in the Red Sea. A baby boy underwent CPR after drowning in a bucket in Tel Aviv, and a 30-year-old resident of Jaffa, Israel, was arrested for possessing pistols and ammunition. The Israeli-Palestinian conflict continues, with Hamas marking the 12th anniversary of the assassination of its military chief, and the U.S. requesting China to exert influence on Iran to restrain the Houthis. The Palestinian Health Ministry reported 109 deaths and hundreds of injuries across Gaza, and the Israeli army mapped the homes of the perpetrators of a shooting near Ma'ale Adumim. Other incidents include the death of a 21-year-old soldier from Hadera, the arrival of Razzi Mousavi's body in Tehran, Iran, and a woman setting herself on fire outside the Atlanta consulate. Dozens of construction companies are on the brink of collapse due to local authorities' debts, and the Israeli government refused to adjust the budget for resilience centers in the Gaza periphery. Hezbollah claimed responsibility for six attacks against Israeli targets in the north, and a critically injured two-year-old girl was treated by MDA. The Palestinian Authority's Fatah movement mourned the "heroic martyrs" killed in a drone strike in Nablus, and Iranian President Raisi arrived in Moscow for an official visit. Other incidents include the detection of over 50 rocket launches towards the city of Netivot, the arrest of 35 suspects in a nationwide operation, and a two-year-old child in critical condition at Assaf HaRofeh Medical Center. A Royal Navy ship intercepted a Houthi drone.