Multiple threads discuss various computer hardware and software topics. A user experiences issues printing a TIFF file, possibly due to a corrupted FAT, and is advised to use other applications and CHKDSK. Another user seeks advice on using one monitor for a Centris 610 and an IBM machine with a switch-box. A user seeks recommendations for a SCSI controller, tape drive, and Windows software for a backup solution. A Syquest 105 MB drive is found to be a good value and performance for the price. A user seeks advice on backup solutions for two computers, one with a 40MB IDE drive and the other with a 213MB SCSI drive. A user experiences Retrospect and MacTools Backup for backing up data to an Apple tape drive. A user seeks recommendations for a backup solution for a Quadra 700 with a 170MB hard drive, specifically for storing audio clips. A user uses xcopy to transfer Windows installation files from 5.25" disks to 3.5" high-density disks and their hard drive. A user seeks recommendations for a SCSI controller in the $100-$150 range for a Quantum 425F hard drive. A user experiences CD-ROM drives, specifically the CD-Technology drive with a Toshiba mechanism and the AppleCD 300/300i drive. A user seeks recommendations for hard-disk driver software for a SyQuest removable media drive. A user experiences Bernoulli 90pro and 150MB drives, which are found to be faster and more suitable for online storage than optical drives. A user offers CD-ROM disks for sale. A user experiences floptical media, which is found to be a good value at $0.75 per megabyte. A user experiences various floppy disk formats, including 8" disks and 24" multi-platter disk packs. A user experiences the cview program and a 0-byte temp file that appears in the root directory after a crash. A user experiences 360k diskettes and the low capacity of PC/XT/AT/PS2 diskette stations. A user experiences the XGetWindowProperty() function in X11 and the need to free the memory allocated by this function. A user experiences the CD300 external CD-ROM drive, which is already shipping and has high demand. A user experiences 8" floppy disks, which are found to be a better term than "disks". A user experiences MS-DOS backup software and the limitations of the stripped-down MS version. A user experiences a 150MB Syquest drive and interest in comparing it to the Bernoulli 150 drive. A user experiences copying small files to multiple floppy diskettes without using the hard drive, and interest in writing their own file copy command in C. A user offers a 2GB Fujitsu 5.25" disk drive for sale. A user experiences a basic chip and difficulty in identifying the 20th prong. A user seeks recommendations for floptical drives, specifically the Iomega and Infinity models, and where to purchase them.